fix: genesis type cast (#1968)
umee-network/umee: CHANGELOG.md

- [1956](https://github.com/umee-network/umee/pull/1956) Leverage: token liquidation threshold must be bigger than collateral_weight.
- [1954](https://github.com/umee-network/umee/pull/1954) Leverage: `MaxBorrow` now accounts for
  `MinCollateralLiquidity` and `MaxSupplyUtilization`

> - [1968](https://github.com/umee-network/umee/pull/1968) Leverage: genesis type cast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [1968](https://github.com/umee-network/umee/pull/1968) Leverage: fix type cast of AdjustedBorrow in ExportGenesis
```
